This is a head-gum original.
Music
Right! Are you kidding me?
New head-gum podcast alert. We're going straight into it.
I mean, what other way to introduce you guys?
Host of Go Touch Grass, the newest head-gum podcast,
then with a luncheon learn.
Oh my god.
Wow.
So, you know, I just wanted to welcome you guys to the network.
Obviously, we're a pretty tight-knit group.
All the hosts, no each other.
All the hosts are really good friends.
And so, to sort of foster that camaraderie,
I thought they maybe we could all break bread together.
Right? We could all have lunch.
We could all learn.
We could do a lunch and learn.
Learn about each other over lunch.
So, I got y'all clams casino?
Yeah.
Just moments ago.
A plate of clams was put before.
A foil tray of clams.
Who says no to that?
I'm not.
I actually might, because I do not eat.
Millie doesn't eat seafood.
But that's the case.
Aw, too old.
I don't know, Millie.
Are you allergic to it?
No, I just...
It's not my thing.
It's not my twist.
As long as no one's going to die and learn.
No one's going to...
Imagine if I'm like, definitely allergic.
And I can't even be in the same room.
Yeah.
Well, no, it's not that.
It's not that.
That's good.
Well, why don't we all take a moment.
Meryka, do you want to grab some sparks?
Or...
Can you answer?
I have a lot of questions before I consider eating.
I'm going to grab my lunch.
Really?
Yeah.
I'm going to grab my lunch.
I'm also going to get you guys up on this TV screen.
So that I'm not staring down.
And people are seeing my eyes have heard it down.
Like, I'm ashamed of something.
Because I've nothing to be ashamed of.
I just gave you guys a clamp casino.
No, there's nothing to be ashamed of.
You just...
You just served us a tinfoil tray full of clams.
Definitely.
Really potent smelling clams.
I mean, that's smoke.
They smell good.
Are the clams in the shot?
Okay.
Yeah.
Can the audience get eyes on these clams?
Where did you order the clams from, Jeff?
Or you can't answer because you're not by a microphone.
Of course.
So in the last 30 minutes, I'll have drank a butter beer from the Harry Potter store.
And then I'm going to eat kind of random clams.
And then we'll see what happens to me.
Yeah.
Yeah, absolutely.
Later today.
Literally.
Yeah.
Well, I was going to suggest we eat Indian food after this.
But I don't know if you're piling a lot.
Yeah.
We're piling a lot on top of each other.
I mean, it's nice of you to even consider eating them to be honest.
You know, America.
I don't know how you wrote with things.
But you got to...
We need a little bit more of a yes and some for sure for sure.
Yeah.
And you got to...
And that is so fun.
When you say yes and...
I said no.
But she said no.
But I don't agree with her.
Because I don't.
In general.
Whatever.
But if it was, let's say a chicken wing.
I'm saying.
Yes.
Clam.
Nice.
And you know, I mean...
I feel like this is pretty relevant because we just had a topic.
I mean, it's on our background.
But, you know...
A woman who ate 48.
48 stories.
On our date.
On my date.
Along our date.
On our date.
On, we.
On during the.
On our date.
On a date.
Ons.
Okay. As a result of knowing we were coming on the show. I think Millie's coming in cold. I think I'm coming in cold like now
I'm now I'm two for two
I'm like not eating seafood and also never heard hearing the
Millie's like where are we? What year is this?
We have a podcast.
Yeah.
At least just like trails me around.
Sit down, Millie.
It's gonna be here.
Okay.
Be here at this time and bring your takes.
So there's Millie body around and then there's Millie sitting down.
Wow.
I'm like good, right? Not great but kind of good.
And that's kind of what the podcast is.
Yeah.
Is kind of just saying stuff like that.
Oh, okay.
That's what had gone by.
I'm a good person.
Honestly is that what this show is is I'm well,
at least would you say that I'm the exact same person
off air than I am on this show?
I would say yes.
Well, don't say that.
Don't say that.
I was hoping you'd be like, no, you're actually the same
top of the show and then on the air you're kind of an asshole.
I was going to say yes.
I was going to say before we before we recorded.
Oh, for sure.
Before we recorded, I was telling everyone that you came
at me for having an apple watch.
Told me I should get rid of my apple watch.
Told me you were going to give me a Rolex watch and then
here I am Rolex.
To this day.
Cool.
I don't have a Rolex to give.
If I had one, I'd have to keep it.
But you were trying to persuade me to toss my gorgeous apple watch,
which counts my step.
Yes.
Yeah.
For a watch that didn't even exist.
It wasn't even in your possession.
So I would say that you bring the same chaos on and off.
Oh, car.
I'm getting to listen.
I'm learning.
Oh, I'm not lunch.
But I'm learning.
What is this?
Right?
This is so fucked up.
What is that?
The TV turned on.
Yeah.
What are you watching?
It's like a British thing.
This is so fucked.
We need to have a producer in the room with me.
You can't host and produce at the same time.
Especially when they keep changing the studio up on me.
Usually there's a desktop computer running an audition session.
It's just miraculously gone today.
And then I have to come in with 20 minutes advance.
And I have to figure out how else to do it.
It's.
I'm sorry.
That happened to you.
It's all right.
But then I look like a fucking amateur in front of Millie.
I'm not going to have it.
I'm going to have Millie thinking that it's my fault.
He's not an amateur.
He's not.
Okay.
Well, I don't know where to throw out.
At least everything.
All right.
He's a climator.
You know what?
I have not had a climator.
You said you were supposed to ask.
Answer.
Marica's question.
Yeah.
Oh, sorry.
I wanted to know where the where they came from.
Well, restaurant.
Those are going to be in from.
And I do have to say that I ordered these last night as I was outlining the episode.
Those came to us from.
I think a restaurant called Savil.
Oh, okay.
That's like kind of a fancy restaurant.
Yeah.
I missed.
It was Doc's oyster bar.
Okay.
No one knows where these clams came from.
Yeah.
That said you ordered them last night.
That was a pretty order.
Yeah.
I think it has to be a pre-order.
Exactly.
Right.
So I had to have the force.
That's why that's why you texted me last night.
What's the sweet and I'm glad you're on this episode.
I thought you were on the one at three p.m.
I thought that a mirror was going to be on in studio here with me.
So Emma could have read the description.
Well, you know, it's hard because we're banking episodes.
Have you guys been banking episodes?
Do you want to talk about the show for a bit?
Go touch grass?
Um, yeah.
Actually, we don't think episodes.
Um, because it's a weekly podcast.
Yeah.
So we talk about different.
We talked about trending topics.
Viral memes.
The discourse.
Yes.
Online.
You know, if people on Twitter are yelling at each other.
We'll tell you why they're yelling at each other.
What was the first post?
What was the post that kicked off everybody yelling at each other?
Why are two influencers you've never heard of fighting with each other?
These are the things we'll break down on the podcast.
And because it's so topical, we cannot bank.
Yeah.
So we have done a bunch of test episodes that are on our Patreon.
So people can go back and hear like the past couple of weeks worth of discourse.
And it is good to like, you can miss and like come back and come back.
Yeah, and come back.
It's not like you're, you know, if you don't know what who being that is, you won't.
Yeah.
That information remains valuable.
Years into the future.
Did you say you don't know who being, who's being that is?
Being dad.
No.
Who's being dad?
Okay.
So he.
Yeah.
Being dad is this dad.
Yes.
He had beans.
Well, his daughter wanted beans.
Yes.
This.
And the dad's daughter wanted beans.
Yes.
And the dad.
And there's a kind of beans.
Okay.
And the dad tweeted kind of his long thread being like, I want to teach my daughter to be self-sufficient.
So I will not open the beans for her.
So I want her to try to figure out how to open this kind of beans herself.
And it started a long.
Well, I'm telling her about the can open.
I don't think.
Yeah.
This is a little girl.
I think there is a can opener.
And but he didn't tell her how to use it.
No.
He was like.
And he said she couldn't use the internet.
What?
Or something like that.
Yeah.
So it's efficiency.
Why are something like that?
Yeah.
So.
And then it started a whole discourse.
I'm like.
Is this guy an asshole?
What does it mean to teach you guys self-sufficiency?
Yeah.
I mean, teaching his daughter a valuable lesson by withholding beans from her until she can get them.
Of course, as everything does, there were some racist tweets.
Yeah.
Like you dig into, then everyone's like, who is this guy?
And they go down and he has a difficult history.
So these are the things that we talk about.
So you should have just opened that can of beans.
Open the can of beans.
Yeah.
And these are the can of the pot.
Wow.
Exactly.
That's the kind of stuff you're going to get on the head.
Go and podcast.
Millie.
Let's dive into your past.
What's the best thing that's ever happened to you?
Wow.
Jesus Christ.
We can circle back to this.
If you want to move on to our first segment.
Let's move on to the first segment.
Because now I'm thinking.
And not like this.
This is watching.
This is like, wow.
We really have to work.
It really goes from technical difficulties to personal truth.
I'll say I'll keep it easy.
I'll keep it light.
I love my dog.
I'm the best thing that happened to me was that I got a dog.
My dog is very sweet and quarterly.
And he's the best and worst thing.
He doesn't.
Millie doesn't very cute dog.
My dog is very cute.
His name is Tina.
So Tina's the best thing of late that happened.
A financial drain and emotional gain is the dog.
The first thing.
I would say emotional drain as well.
But also.
Yeah.
As a emotional gain and drain.
Oh, really.
Yeah.
Are you guys hearing the sound effects?
No.
No, I am more.
Okay.
You're just going to have to roll with it.
And I do want someone to eat the clam because you know.
I'm.
I'm looking.
I'm like.
Do I want to be filmed eating a clam?
That's kind of where my head is at.
Is that on?
Is do I want to be on clamora?
Wow.
I'm in faith.
I'm in that head.
You could like.
Dig into it on the train.
Yeah.
You're hearing it.
Bond of the week.
Uh, Daniel Craig is out his bond.
He has been out as bond.
He had his time as bond.
So we've been doing this long running segment that everybody hates on this show called
Bond of the week where every week until the next James is cast.
We're lobbying up our casting decision for the next 007.
Uh, this week my pick is Benny Blanco.
Wow.
That really ties into.
Yeah.
We just discussed on our podcast.
Right.
We discussed Selena Gomez and Benny Blanco.
Topical.
Selena Gomez needs to.
She's not off.
Yeah.
We sort of behave like Benny needs to log off.
He's got a behaving like Benny Bondo because he's got the bond girl.
He's got someone.
Okay.
Let's see.
Um.
Is that what a bond girl is?
There's someone out of your league.
I'm asking.
I guess it's it.
But like do you feel like the bond girls are out of James Bond's league?
Of course.
You think Pierce Brosman doesn't chance?
With fucking hell.
Yeah.
He actually, yes.
Really?
Yeah.
He actually has a major chance at my house.
I can't think of a bond.
I wouldn't fuck.
Even though it was Jason Stratman.
No.
He wasn't.
I don't have an encyclopedic knowledge of bonds.
But I'm actually thinking and I think I would.
I would bang them off.
Yeah.
For sure.
No one knows what you're talking about Jeff.
Wow.
She does.
It's clear that a woman's perspective.
Oh.
Yeah.
You know what?
What else makes a bond girl?
What else?
A makeup line?
Two all bond girls have makeup lines?
Who's a bond girl who has a makeup line?
Well, you're saying Selena Gomez is a bond girl.
Oh.
How do you know what makes a bond girl?
Rare.
Yeah.
Wow.
Okay.
Beauty is the name of Selena Gomez's.
She.
Make a bond.
So.
Rare.
She's rare.
And that's why we're upset that she's with Benny Blanco.
Well, I feel like.
I hear.
I hear your segment.
But I'm like a bond girl.
Just like James Bond has an air of mystery to her.
You don't know what her intentions are.
You don't know where she came from.
Why is this sexy, hot ass woman who's exotic in the middle of.
Like the glacier in fact in Russia.
Yeah.
A lot.
Whatever.
And I will say that Selena Gomez is.
There's not much mysterious about her.
I mean, all of her like responding comment.
There's a, there's a zoom delay.
I'm so sorry.
No.
Yeah.
I, well, just their back off.
I don't think she's a bond girl.
I think she's a respond girl.
Wow.
That's really good.
I'm already feeling like y'all are going to be regular guests on the show.
Because that was such a.
I love that.
Honestly, that was a really funny joke.
I'm sorry.
Sorry.
I really like that.
Do you guys have bonds of the week?
Who would you love up this week as your casting decision for James Bond?
I have a bond.
Okay.
I'm saying, you know, if we're talking about bond and who would be fun and interesting to do the movie.
I'm saying Michelle, yo.
I feel like I'd love to see her on some spy shit like.
And I think it'd be adding some different things because again, it's unassuming.
I think there's a lot of things right now in media talking about like women.
Like people using their like blindness of like women to like let women slip through shit.
You know, I'm thinking like made December.
It's like basically all about like white women being predators.
So I'd be fun to see like, yeah, no one is really paying attention to like an older Asian woman.
And she's like, she's like, I'm actually James Bond.
She's she's actually.
And you know she can do those stunts.
She can do all the stunts.
So I love that.
Michelle, yo.
I would that would be the bond.
I'm going to keep on the you brought up made December and my mind immediately went to.
I would say one of the performance of the year, Charles Melton.
Woo.
That was her.
He would be a very if he's very sexy.
Very sexy.
And, um, you know, that I feel like that would be a huge cap for him because it's like he did Riverdale.
He's done the teen thing.
Yeah.
Because he's done this like prestige movie.
And then it's like now you go be James Bond.
I feel like he's hit all the all the pillars action star.
Legit actor teen heartthrob.
I mean, you can do anything.
Bring him jingle jangle on that.
On that show and like it was getting real.
I mean, heartthrob, I'm like, that show was was okay.
Yeah.
I mean, I only did like one season.
But it was chaotic.
No, it got even crazier.
They were time traveling right there.
Yeah.
There's a part where like Archie joined ISIS or something like that.
Like there's definitely there was definitely the cult run by what's his face.
I don't know.
No, the like weird cult in the woods or whatever.
It's like class Chad Michael Murray.
Oh, God.
Chad Michael.
Listen.
Yeah.
Bond Michael Murray.
I've almost loved him up before.
Okay.
Wow.
Almost loved him up.
For.
He's almost suggested him.
Oh, okay.
Okay.
Yeah.
So I'll say Charles Mountain.
Those are both really good.
Ultimately, I think I'm on the week.
It's going to be this trip.
Clams.
Cause it could be like.
Cause seen a rail.
Wow.
That's really good.
And they get better with it.
Wow.
I don't know.
Clams.
I don't know about that.
But they are mysterious because, you know, you didn't really come down one way or another
about where they came from.
You said two different restaurants.
Yeah.
We don't really know what they did.
We don't know what they did.
We do have to move on.
We do actually have to move on a little bit.
Oh, okay.
I don't like this.
And I don't want to take it.
We don't want to take it.
It's a bitzy spider went.
When up the water spout.
Well, imagine he wasn't on my car.
It's a bitzy.
And he went on your big toe.
Which caught him.
No.
And the doctor went.
Holy.
And that's not what you expect to hear from a doctor.
Yeah.
Colin Blake and his wife were celebrating their 35th anniversary on a cruise.
When he believes a spider bit him while they were on shore in Marseille, France.
Yeah.
I was in Marseille.
You went to Marseille.
You were buying a cruise.
On a cruise.
The doctor cut open the toe.
I'm milking.
Oh, nice.
With black dots.
That's the eggs.
And the don't worry.
I've got them all out.
Said the ship stockter.
When Colin got back home to England, he did an IV antibiotics at the hospital for six weeks.
And MRI scan found a spiky object in his toe that a podiatrist removed.
I'm like asking what other spikes.
And they said, but they would eventually become the legs.
And I did ask if I could keep it.
The answer was no.
Oh, my infection has gradually improved.
This is kind of tender.
Colin says you can see the bite marks.
Now that the swelling is down, but spider experts aren't fighting.
If someone said to you, look.
I got bitten by a spider and it lay eggs in my big toe.
No spider on this earth can lay eggs in a person's toe.
Perfect.
I trust Nancy Hinkle.
You guys host a very online show.
It hasn't come out yet.
So I've actually never been able to listen to an episode.
But I listen to the trailer multiple times.
I assume this is a kind of stuff you guys are talking about.
Online debates and such.
So yep.
Yeah.
Do you guys think that?
What's the debate?
Do we think that there's a spider laid eggs or not?
Eggs or not?
I mean, I will say that the professor seemed pretty
adamant that a spider can't lay eggs.
Sure.
I'm sorry.
If we're judging a book by its cover.
Nancy Hinkle looks like she knows a lot about spiders.
Yeah.
She sounded frustrated by having to be asked about this.
But I believe number one, a rock knowledgeist.
Yeah.
Exactly.
10 things on my plate.
Now everybody's asking me about this toe.
Yeah.
I will say that man looks very sweet.
Poor guy on a wedding set.
I mean, what a good sport about it, right?
He thought it was the funniest thing ever.
You know, you go to his house.
His fucking nieces enough.
He's got his house.
That's the first picture.
He pulls out.
Look at my toe.
He looks like that kind of guy.
Oh, he's like everyone about that toe.
But yeah.
Yeah.
He was like very pleased.
But he doesn't know.
From he doesn't know where a spider can lay eggs or not.
I do think he was bitten by a spider.
But he said that he thinks that he found spiky things in the toe that were supposed
to be the legs.
Our spiders formed leg first.
That's when I was good.
That's where I started to call a horseshit.
Because I'm like, you're saying that the spider's going to grow from the big toe.
Is the body of the spider going to be going to become the big toe.
I feel like that was the insinuation.
And we do have to move on.
I think that was the insinuation.
Yeah.
And actually, I knew Mariek was going to say.
And I knew Mariek was going to come at me after that.
So I had to say we have to move on before she had a chance.
Here we go.
I want to hear what Mariek has to say.
Let's hear.
I was just like, it was, I feel like that just means that if the legs are growing out of his toe,
they're like growing out of the egg.
Like the egg still intact.
Sure.
That's when I took it to the end.
And if the doctor took out all the eggs.
Yeah.
Well, the thing about the pusp being milky.
It was that spider come.
Wow.
That's what I was going to ask.
But I didn't want to be depressed.
Yeah.
Maybe the spider just let loose in his toe.
Oh, maybe it's a wish on me and this.
Oh, who has it?
Right.
The spider fucked his toe.
I also just want to, the spider fucked his toe.
Yeah.
I want to paint a picture for the audience right now that we are sitting in a room.
Sure.
Filled with the smell of clams.
Yeah.
I mean, it does smell good.
Watch.
Yeah.
Of a man with a giant toe spider by a giant milky pot of a mess.
Sort of a mess.
Yeah.
What makes a clam casino?
Because I think cheese and bread crumbs.
Yeah.
And some lemon.
We have like the fancy lemon situation where they put the bad things are all there.
I don't know if you guys are sick to your stomach or what's the issue?
Because I feel like Greek is hardly touched or clams casino.
Yeah.
I mean, now I'm a little sick to my stomach.
I would say the combination of us being milky going and drinking a butter beer at their
pot or watching a video of an infected toe.
And then also being in the room with these clams is me.
My appetite is not kind of at its peak.
And I kind of, I kind of walked in just like chowing down on some sour candies.
Yeah.
You were, yeah.
And in a hot glass tea.
Yeah.
So you know, they got a port.
They got a port.
That's almost five.
Okay.
So our candy in a chocolate.
Chocolate.
Chocolate candy.
Yeah.
All right.
Here we go.
A recent advice column featured in Slate had the following letters sent.
And sent in for advice.
Dear Karen.
I love to invite.
Okay.
What's that?
I love Slate.
I read all of Slate's advice columns too.
So I bet I've read it.
Yeah.
Exactly right.
I bet I have an opinion.
Dear Karen feeding.
My husband has been getting angry whenever our son coughs at night.
He's in second grade.
So he gets all the bugs you would expect at school.
Whenever our son has extended bouts of coughing at night,
we can hear loud and clear.
My husband chanting.
Shut up.
Or stop fucking coughing.
Last night our son started crying because of it.
Which made his coughing worse.
And we heard an actual scream.
This slamming into walls.
And when I tried to settle my husband, he said,
Between his coughing and your snoring,
I haven't gotten any sleep since the day we met.
In the morning my husband just went.
I was losing my mind from sleep deprivation.
I didn't scream at our son.
He's blown off any attempt to point out that he scared our child.
And that this isn't the first time it's happened.
I know sleep deprivation sucks,
but this has got me really freaked out.
We don't live near family and a hotel room until the cold clear
is up as out of the budget.
Any advice?
And then.
I mean, my question is,
A Greer disagree.
Children should be spanked for coughs.
One for one.
Well, children shouldn't get sick.
And that's on them.
I do think it's very funny to be like,
I was delirious.
I was like, I couldn't even, I was hallucinating
basically, but also I didn't scream.
It's like, you can't,
you just said you don't know what was going on.
So I'm telling you that you screamed.
Yeah.
That's, I love him being like,
I was out of my fucking mind.
I didn't scream.
Well, almost.
No.
Sleepy headphones, babe.
Or earplugs.
Yeah, earplugs are available.
Yeah.
Like, white noise machine.
I'm a little concerned about the cough.
It seems like it's been going on for a long time.
Oh, take the kid.
Maybe the kid needs to be on a million things to be done.
Wife snoring.
She probably has.
Sleepy.
That's not happening.
And that needs to get checked out.
Yeah.
There's a lot of shit that needs to happen.
But also, if the wife, the wife has been snoring,
you know, I imagine she came into the relationship snoring.
Yeah.
So he should have already figured out how to deal with that,
whether it be an earplugs situation.
But number two,
if he really wants this kid to stop coughing,
let's get him in the doctor.
Let's do an appointment.
It's written up.
Destiny's a drip.
Yeah.
Honestly, though,
it's a little, let's get it written up.
Post nasal drip.
Absolutely.
This is the worst kind of fucking person to me,
because it's the person that complains,
but does not come with the solution.
Besides yelling to shut the fuck up in the walls.
Slamming the walls.
And it's like, this frustration,
but it's like, you could actually do something.
You actually have all the agency power and control
to help alleviate the situation.
And with your energy,
what are you doing?
Slamming your fists against the walls
and saying shut the fuck up.
And then saying, no,
I didn't do that when it's like,
well, actually you did.
Yeah.
And I feel like, is that the kids in second grade, right?
Second grade.
Okay.
So you could just ask the kid.
Did I scream shut the fuck up at you last night?
And you're killing him.
He was dead.
Yes.
You did.
Um.
Let's go.
Sorry.
Yeah.
I'm like, this is, yeah.
No, I'm like, this wife needs to leave it.
I'm like, this guy wants to meet it.
I mean, I just feel like it's one cough away
from being unsnapped, honestly.
Yeah.
I think get the kids, pack your bags, find an apartment.
No, leave the kid.
We like to get his locker.
Uh, in later days.
Just bring it down.
A recent LA Times headline reads,
an auto engineer became a full-time potter in LA.
Thank her high school art teacher.
So would you just like to take a minute or?
To thank the high school art teacher.
I mean, a potter like making pottery.
Correct.
And her high school art teacher is involved.
Why?
In how?
I didn't read the article.
I just, the headline said,
to thank the art teacher.
So I thought maybe we could all teach them.
We'll take a moment.
Well, um, as education and public school education
continues to get defunded,
I feel like we should be celebrating teachers,
and especially the arts of the first to go.
Yeah.
I think that, you know what, with any platform,
um, you should think teachers.
And it's no secret that on the internet.
If you want engagement, you'll do
Proteas your content.
That's just, yeah.
And if you don't actually love the teachers,
just do it for the numbers.
Just say it in a moment.
Well, we love teachers.
I'm going to say,
thank you art teacher of the potter.
Yeah.
Thank you so much to this L.A. based art teacher.
Because of,
because of you,
we have one more potter in this world.
And, um,
keep doing you and God bless you.
And I've seen on TikTok that the classroom
has become very challenging and easy.
Yeah.
I just hope that you're taking care of yourself.
I hope that you're doing your own potter.
Yeah.
You're making time for yourself to be a potter as well.
Because you're not just a teacher.
You're also a person.
You're, you know,
maybe a wife, a mother, a sister, a daughter,
and a potter in your own right.
Or husband.
It could be.
That's true.
Actually, we don't know that.
I'm so sorry.
I do not know the gender of that.
My son.
You're not thinking.
I mean, to be fair,
I was an asshole.
But in that case,
I didn't have the patience properly.
So.
But I think him too.
I know.
Oh, I,
I'll thank the teachers.
Well, but I do think it would be funny.
And I hope this is the case that we're thinking them.
Because they took over the automotive shop.
So that the automotive shop owner
could start their own.
Yeah,
ceramics company.
And I think if they did that,
that would be really cool.
I was like,
Did this channel original move?
Yeah.
Very like princess in the popper,
but it's automatic.
And the father.
That's really good.
We got to take a break.
We got to take a break for that.
Really good.
Let me guess.
You're a millennial.
We missed this with life was like in the 2000s, right?
And you've had a hard time finding new or curated music.
You're interested also.
I might add in multiple perspectives on relationships dating and music.
That means if you checked.
Yes, to any of them,
Julia,
that you're going to love.
See the thing is a podcast hosted by Grammy Award
winning R&B artist Bridget Kelly and media personality
and podcast trailblazer,
Mandy B.
Twice a week,
Bridget and Mandy have nostalgic conversations in their grown
segments.
Political pop culture conversations in their honest segments
and relationship hot take conversations in the slightly toxic segment.
The opinions on the show are real and brought to you by the genuine connections
that the ladies have with their guests who they like to call their friends with benefits.
Each week,
you'll leave with some new music recommendations or
a curated playlist that you didn't even know he needed
in their freshly squeezed music segment.
Most recently,
the ladies have sat down with Van Lathen,
Robert Glasper and Durema Kesson.
So go check it out.
Follow and subscribe to see the thing is on Spotify, Apple podcasts
or on YouTube.
New audio episodes drop every Tuesday and Friday
and visuals are available every Wednesday and Saturday.
Check it out.
And we're back.
Oxford dictionary's word of the year is also
deeply online.
I tried to pull some deep online content for you again.
Rizz, right?
I knew it.
I feel like...
That's not my favorite slang word.
Do you know what Rizz means?
Yes.
Yeah.
I don't know the word for Rizzma.
I feel like...
I feel like Rizz doesn't have...
I don't know.
You don't think Rizz has Rizz.
Oh.
Yeah.
I came up too quickly.
It came up too quickly.
Now, you know,
I would love to see the internet.
The way that slang moves so quickly
through the internet.
Like first.
Because I feel like...
There was a shelf life on slang.
Where it's like one cool black person said it.
And then maybe ten years later,
a white person wouldn't say...
Now it's not just that.
Yeah.
Now a white person...
And it started with on fleek.
Where one black girl said my eyebrows were on fleek.
And then I would say,
like within months,
Kardashians were putting their eyebrows
They're brought Joe fleek whatever.
So it's just like...
We're caught in this very fast.
And the longevity isn't the same.
What I will say.
So longevity isn't the same.
It's my mom is in town this week.
And she has held on to bling.
Okay.
She says bling often.
Yeah.
She is really held on to that.
And kind of continues to use it.
I would say daily.
Yeah.
And I feel like my whole thing about risk
is that it's...
It's bringing up this thing that I feel like.
Social media has really de-prioritized,
which is like this charisma,
this genus, it's quite this thing
that you need this personality,
whatever.
It's really a re-invention or like a re-purposing of the thing game.
Because when people say somebody has game,
that's risk, that's charisma.
And I feel like, you know,
it's all about fits in this and not and whatever.
And it's like, no, let's go back to the basics.
What's your risk?
Like...
Yeah.
And it's like, how are you treating people?
How do people feel around you?
That's what's going to get you.
What you want.
Yeah.
I don't personally...
Rizz has not made its way into my personal lexicon.
It makes me think...
I feel honestly like, very, how do you do fellow kids?
Yeah.
If I were to say it...
I say as gamers, like, you know?
Like I say, right?
Like...
For example, when we're talking about celebrities,
we would sleep with.
Mm-hmm.
I can tell you a very hot person,
but I can also say,
that's...
I thought Guy Fieri.
Because I know that he does.
Realistic.
Really?
It's like...
Realistic.
I don't know that.
If we're out of bar, Guy Fieri is putting it down.
Yeah.
Guy Fieri is charming me.
He's asking you questions about yourself.
He's asking questions.
He's asking you follow-up questions based on the thing
that you said earlier.
Yeah.
Sure.
He's listening.
He's ordering for the table.
Yeah.
For the table.
He's getting everyone's thing.
That's charisma.
That's Rizz.
You'll move to a different topic,
and then he'll bring it up and be like,
that's like what you said earlier, Mill.
Yeah.
Then you'll be like,
Hey, Mill.
You got a Charles Milton.
I'm not going to say I wouldn't smash.
I'm just saying.
He's got to prove himself in that other area.
Yeah.
I mean, yeah.
Where Guy Fieri's bringing it.
Yeah.
I don't know if Charles Milton has to ask other people questions.
No, he doesn't.
But he did give a very, very emotional and in touch performance.
He made a summer.
Of course.
There's obviously something.
There's some depth there.
There's stuff there.
I also say there's a Twitch streamer.
I sent at least this clip.
But there's a Twitch streamer who.
He posted like him like with it.
When it was fans or something.
And it was a girl.
And she was like, whatever.
And all his like 13 year old Twitch fans were like commenting like,
ill, she's ugly or her body blah blah blah.
And this guy, this Twitch streamer like got so mad at them.
And he's like, this is why no one wants to fucking talk to you.
Guys have no fucking personality.
You don't know how to talk to people.
You are just going to be risked.
But risked tip of the day.
Risked tip of the day.
My number one risked tip is shut the fuck up.
No one wants to hear you talk.
And honestly, risked tip.
I would say just shut up and listen.
Yeah.
Shut up.
That's a major risk tip.
Wow.
Major killer.
Yeah.
Major.
Change it.
That's.
And that's a.
That's a dated.
Yeah.
Oh, it's.
It's a thing.
Yeah.
All right.
This is going to take it into our last segment here.
Listen, you guys are on the network now, right?
Yeah.
This is, you know, let's get serious for a second here.
Where did it go?
Let's get serious.
Oh, okay.
Hold on.
Look.
This never happened.
It's never.
Sorry.
I'm on public Wi-Fi on a bus.
Yeah.
It's like.
Let's get serious here for a second.
You know, we like to have fun.
You know, you guys host a comedy show.
But it, you know, you're on the network now.
This is, this is, this is serious business.
You know, and we all need to stand on business.
Right?
I've, that's why I've come out with some, some, some PR stun slash products.
Placement slash branded opportunities for the show.
Go touch grass premiering on headroom two days from now slash last week.
If you're listening to this episode.
So go check out the first and maybe second episode.
These are products and publicity stunts that I thought that you guys could do
to promote the show in conjunction with all the crossroomer you're doing.
The first one is go drink kvaas.
Are you guys familiar with boss?
What's the boss?
No.
We don't live in LA.
We drink water and then go get soda.
People in LA don't drink kvaas either.
That's why there's a hole in the market here.
And I'm going to say the product.
And then I'm going to say the copy that I've created for you guys.
Here we go.
Kick back and unwind the way the hosts of go touch grass do.
By housing a couple of these grain cereal based fermented sodas from a can or bottle.
The sweetness hour taste of this bubbling eastern European
oddity leaves an aftertaste that can only be described as okay.
You won't regret kvaas.
Subscribe to go touch grass too.
I'm amazing.
Go touch grass too.
Yeah.
That's what I'm saying.
For the products that are going to be the branded opportunities.
What do you guys think?
What do you want to solicit from us right now?
He wants to know if we'll be able to drink that soda.
Yeah.
He's back.
I'm trying to find that kvaas.
My feedback is I don't really understand what kvaas is.
But if anyone wants to put a sponsor.
It's a low alcohol beer.
What's that like kombucha?
And I wish he was.
That'd be simpler to understand.
It isn't.
Okay.
Now here's my thing.
It's kvaas the name of the genre of drink.
Correct.
Is it like clean eggs?
Where it's like.
That's the brand of tissue.
Like.
So are we promoting like the way that the milk a lobby or the can lobby?
Like just the general idea of this drink.
So it's like.
So kvaas is like beer.
It's like a category.
Okay.
And then go drink kvaas would be like Miller light.
So the brand is go drink kvaas.
The product is kvaas.
Correct.
Exactly right.
I mean, he says no to that.
And how does that not let me show?
We might.
Okay.
Let's go out of this product then.
Just stay chased.
This go touch grass branded.
Chastity belt is not for the faint of heart nor randy of loins.
Each week, you can listen to the sultry sounds of go touch grass while growing increasingly
sexually frustrated.
Millionally swaps all things internet pop culture as you unit yourself through bondage.
If you aren't willing to lock up your bits and throw away the key for million
release, then don't listen to the podcast at all.
Um, okay.
You know, I can't 100% get behind like purity culture.
But if it's a kink thing, then I'd be more willing.
It's it's somehow neither.
It's just someone being willing to go sexual pleasure in service of people listening to your
podcast.
Yeah.
I say do it.
I feel like people fuck too much like people need to be more conscious about fucking
him like, yeah.
Yeah.
Official touch grass opinion is people fuck too much.
Go touch grass.
Keep trying not yourself.
No, go touch grass.
We're good.
All right.
So just stay chased.
Stay away from us.
Yeah.
We're going to keep.
We're going to.
We're going to go with that one.
All right.
Adding to car.
Yeah.
All right.
Here we go.
Go.
This is the third product.
Go clutch grass.
This grass based coin purse is for those who categorize themselves as being in the middle
of the venn diagram between loving the podcast.
Go touch grass and needing a tote made out of dirt.
Imagine keeping most of your daily belongings in a sack of sod while cracking the
fuck up.
Listening to one of Millie's foibles or even Elise's follies.
The show is worth listening to, but only if you own a bag that's also a pasture.
I also like the tonight show, but that's not a podcast.
So that whole thing is the.
I can't be for this product.
I will say I think it would be really cool to sell a little clutch bag that is like
aaster turf.
Right.
I like this.
Yeah.
I think a bag made of grass is fun.
But I'm confused because in the copy that you wrote, you alternated between describing
it as made of grass and made of dirt or sod or sod.
That's the end of the way that's dead dirt or something like it.
I'm confused as to the materials that are being used to make the bag.
No.
It's kind of like a cheap mess when you get it.
It's just dirt, but you place grass in the bag on the sides.
And it grows into a bag.
Well, that's a good idea.
I have to go.
I'm down with any interpretation of this.
I think I think I'm down.
I think people have dumb.
Like there's a fashion statement with dumb ass person.
Yeah.
I'm down.
The end of the love.
So weird person.
Yeah.
Like a funny bag that's shaped like a cow.
The bird at bag.
The bag at bag.
A little tiny bag.
Yep.
So I definitely do think there's again a kind of natural.
A natural synergy.
Yeah.
This is totally different than I thought.
Really?
It's only the kavas that we didn't quite get on board with.
Which I'm on a shot by.
I should have set clams to see no end kavas your way.
Here we go.
The next product is no.
I hope it's close better than the.
Because now that the smell is getting.
Yeah.
It's rotting.
The next branded opportunity is no such ass.
At least in Millie will both post photos of their asses on main.
Then if anyone asks them about it, they will critically claim that there is no such ass.
Publicity Sun?
Sun?
Yes.
But if you.
Much.
Sorry.
Publicity Sun?
Yes.
But if trying to grow tomatoes has taught me anything, you can try your hardest to make something
grow and it still probably won't work.
Listen to go touch grass or don't.
What's the product?
The product is our ass on main.
What's that?
What is that?
CTA.
Like your people click is it like a only like.
I'm like confused.
Yeah.
I'm confused as to how this works.
So is it like they give us a certain amount of money?
Do we have to post our ass every time?
No.
We hit like that.
So this one.
That's true of some kind.
The entire ethos behind this is that, you know,
if trying to grow tomatoes has taught me anything,
it's that trying to grow anything is really difficult.
And it doesn't matter how much sun it gets, how much you water it.
It doesn't matter what you do.
So why not just show hole on main and then lie about it?
Or as hole?
Well, there's a big difference between your personal.
You're talking about the shaman.
The water you spread.
I know how it works.
I understand how to show hole.
We're just saying for this, do we have to show hole?
I think the wire you're on.
Because you're changing.
You're kind of changing what the original pitch was.
Because the original pitch was to show ass.
So to me, that would kind of mean like a thong.
It wasn't a tight.
Yeah.
It was a great ass.
I think even a lot of people said that.
Yeah.
Yeah. That works.
That works.
The same time.
I think it won't.
I know the clams are really.
We're talking about hole.
The clams are really pundit.
It's really getting.
All right.
Pretty crazy up here.
Moving on.
Moving on to the last branded opportunity.
This is called this shows grass.
Show your love and appreciation for hosts.
Millie and Elise.
By avoiding this podcast altogether.
From the initial launch of the show on December 13th.
Om.
If anyone asks why you aren't listening to go touch grass.
The perfect excuse is that the hosts skew a little too blue for your tastes.
Unlike advertisers with ad space on go touch grass.
People will buy that.
This business opportunity is not a product.
Just sometimes the best way you can show love is to let it go.
Avoid the show now.
You get to Andad copy.
The ad copy assumes that a chant will start.
Cool question.
You know.
I'm just going to say that.
You know what I mean?
Listen.
I'll call up all the photobic card.
I'll call up a fucking card.
You better listen.
Yeah.
The cards are out.
And the cards are out.
Listen.
We're from Bushwake.
What's looking pull our tarot cards?
We don't give up.
I'm looking pull a card.
I got my Metro card credit cards that I'm not paying.
That is cards.
I'll pull them all out and say that if you feel like we're too
for us.
That's a U-Prob.
Yeah.
We're batting 400 here with these branded opportunities.
So in summary.
We're going to read this last one.
The last one is out.
The first one is out.
I think if you want us to show our booty hole on man.
I'm going to have to say no to that.
It's like a tight.
Like I don't know.
I feel like.
To grow stronger.
Another in law follows me on man.
This whole thing is a blue sky.
All right.
We're just tossing out ideas.
And it looks like the two that we settled on is that we're going to create
a licensed and branded go-touch grass.
Shastity belt.
Yeah.
Which will not be for the faint of heart or randy of
Loins.
And then we're also going to create a dirt slash sod bag.
Is that the longer you own it, the longer the grass is on the
bag, growing out from it.
That somehow promotes the show or not.
Or saw.
That's always greener on the other side of the pod.
Exactly.
On the other side of the side.
Yeah.
I'm feeling really good about these opportunities.
I'm feeling really good about them.
I'm feeling really good about people having been introed to y'all.
I can't imagine anyone listens to this episode and doesn't want to also go check
out.
Go touch grass on the headgum network.
So we've come to this episode.
Thank you.
I can imagine someone listens to this episode and doesn't immediately refer
you to a therapist.
In that there is lots of every episode.
Yes.
Honestly, a lot of the listeners themselves.
A lot of the YouTube comments are like.
My daily dose of poison can't wait to listen to this and then be upset for
the rest of the day.
Yeah.
I did see.
I did look at the headgum podcast and saw.
I see you a lot of the vitriolic.
Is vitriolic a word here?
Yeah.
Oh yeah.
I mean, what happened about this?
That sourced people.
Well, you said that we should put our booty hold on.
Yeah.
Well, you owe me a Rolex watch.
Also, as we established, is it your promising luxury?
Goods to people.
I did not deliver.
I get that.
Do you want to bring them clams?
Yeah.
You said some clams could see.
You said it's a nasty toe.
Yeah.
And this hour has been crazy.
I mean, we just gave you 10 reasons why people are like that.
I can work with that.
I just wanted to have some ammunition going into the next.
There are a lot of things.
You're not even here and you made this room stink.
I haven't.
You're not racing with the entire family.
I'm fine.
Not just with the clams.
Plugs.
What do you guys have going on?
Plug the show.
Also, your social media, your other projects.
Let's start with Millie.
Yes.
You can listen to go touch grass every Wednesday.
You can follow us.
Follow our Patreon, subscribe to our Patreon.
Just, you know, it's a great community.
We're happy to help you.
If you want to get the newsletter, we do a really great newsletter.
That's a dollar a month.
Come on.
You can follow me on Instagram at Millie Under Score.
Tomorrow is.
You can follow me on TikTok at Millie Under Score.
You can follow me on x the platform for Millie Known as Twitter at Millie.
Tomorrow is TAMRIZ.
A.K.A. Waktocent Tolerant.
I cannot.
I just walkness and it hurts my body.
So yeah, those are my plugs and we're really excited for the show.
Yeah, we're we're so excited to be on head gum.
We're so excited to be on head gum.
We're so excited to launch the pod.
Like Millie said, you can follow the podcast.
Atgo Touch Grass Pod on everything.
All the apps, the good ones, the bad ones,
we're there.
You can follow me on Instagram at Handlees.
That's P.A. and D.A.L.I.S.E.
It's not changeable.
I try.
And you can follow me on TikTok at at least Nave Dodd.
I love at least Nave Dodd.
It's very good handle.
I cannot.
I can't.
I can't do.
Yeah.
Because once you're verified, you can't.
Oh, sorry.
I'm verified.
And you can't change it and so I changed my ship, but it's like, oh, yeah
Why not to get verified because people are made fake
Millie yeah, so don't follow those follow the real million your score to marriage and follow me at
Pandellius with the understanding that if I could I would change it to a least Navi dog
But I can't and then go to TikTok and you can follow me at least on that and I'm off X because I I had to remove myself from the black
I said I just said I sent her X things every day. Yeah, she's over there
She's I look at her clallirking. Yeah, she's talking a grock. Yeah
No, it's grock oh
No, grock is
The AI chatbot that Elon Musk made for only paid Twitter users that's sarcastic. It's funny. It's really it's a funny
Quippy not whoa it'll say stuff like I'm a ninja fucker
Is that I'm a ninja? I need bad. You don't get a fuck. It's like that kind of stuff. It's like it's chat to P.T. Yeah
It hates it. Yeah, yeah, Marie. Come what he got I'll just say listen to go touch grass. Oh
Yeah, we love Marie go
I'm really excited for it
And then yeah, follow me at Marie Kaylon on all platforms
On at you every James on Instagram check the show out and tell your friends about it
Also if you're a freelance producer who will work for pennies on the dollar
Please I'd love to hire you on a pro bono basis
To sort of be in the studio while I do these. The show has
Too pretty
But also don't believe Jeff Rubies that he's gonna give you stuff for a like pay you because he owes me a
luxury item that he promised me to my face. Well, just telling us to put our booty holes on Instagram
You don't want us to win
That's probably because he did that
I'm original